# Data-Representation-and-Querying-2016-Project

1. Basic HTML and CSS: Created part of the basic layout for the webpage and will continue to add functionality in future commits.
2. Added Javascript slider and an image bar: Slider currently contains placeholder images and those need to be replaced, image bar images should act as buttons and redirect to proper content.
3. Edited Javascript slider and image bar: Resized both bars and replaced placeholder images with photoshop edited images that are all the same size with original pixel aspect ratio to maintain quality. Added runme.py which sets up the website on local server using FLASK and python 3. Discovered one major flaw: CSS is currently optimized for 1920 x 1080 monitors only, any smaller resolution makes the layout look horrible, will attempt to optimise the website layout for all screen resolutions by modifying CSS using the bootstrap framework or simply more logical CSS. 
4. Database and links: All images are now links, slider images open a new tab to external websites while image bar links and nav bar links replace the content of the main-content div. Created a user login system that revolves around MongoDB. Users can login/register to access their profile page. 
5. Footer and home page: Added homeContent.html template that is loaded onto home page displaying a graph that is created using D3JS and some guidelines on how to use the website. Created styling for content using CSS. Updated footer bar, acts as a secondary nav bar for quickly switching between guides. Registration page now requests an email address and the login page flashes a message if the user enters incorrect login details.
